Part One: Solidify Terminology
---
In your own terms, define the following terms:

What is HTTP?
Hypertext transfer protocol -- the protocol (conventions, format, rules) by which data is sent to and from servers from our devices

What is a URL?
Uniform resource locator -- the unique address for a resource in a more readable format

What is DNS?
Domain name system -- converts readable URLs to the more technical IP addresses where resources are located

What is a query string?
Optional part of a URL where certain parameters can be passed to get a certain type of response from the server. E.g., search terms

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
GET - read data from a server
POST - send data to a server to make a change/do something

What is an HTTP request?
Sending data to a server from your device using hypertext transfer protocol

What is an HTTP response?
Receiving a response from the server in the format/conventions of hypertext transfer protocol

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
Paramter that can be passed along with an HTTP request/response to convey details about the request or the data within. Examples include Cookie, Content-Type, Host

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
First, the browser converts the URL to an IP address for the resource using DNS. Then, an HTTP request is sent to that address, and a response is received. The response is parsed/translated and rendered in the browser, which makes any additional requests it needs to load additional resources that might be included in the response (e.g., images).


Part Two: Practice Tools
---

Using curl, make a GET request to the icanhazdadjoke.com API to find all jokes involving the word “pirate”.
$ curl -H "Accept: text/plain" https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search

Use dig to find what the IP address is for icanhazdadjoke.com.
dig icanhazdadjoke.com
172.67.198.173
104.21.66.15

(Additional exercises were done to explore some tools, but have no text answers to post here)
